Edits on migration guidance section (#523)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

{{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, which only defines three number spaces (Initial,
Handshake and Application packets).

For any given path, connection ID rotation, NAT rebinding, or client initiated migration
as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} might occur, similar as on a single path.
These events do not change the Path ID,  and do not affect the packet number
space associated with the path.

In case of network-based NAT rebindings, path migration cannot be avoided.
However, as a general rule, when the multipath extension is supported,

> implementations  should otherwise strongly prefer opening a new path instead

Reviewer: you could remove "otherwise"

Author: This will be gone with the proposed edit below. Resolving this comment for now to add the commit.

> of path migration  as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

Reviewer: It might be better to specify the rule first, and the exceptions later. Something like:

It is generally preferable to use multipath mechanisms such as creating a new path and later abandoning the old path, rather than doing migration of a single path as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. This enables a smoother handover and allows a more controlled migration handling at the server side. However, migration of a single path cannot be
avoided in case of NAT rebinding, or if the server requests migration to a "preferred address" during the handshake.

{{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, which only defines three number spaces (Initial,
Handshake and Application packets).

For any given path, connection ID rotation, NAT rebinding, or client initiated migration

> as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} might occur, similar as on a single path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} might occur, like on a single path.
```

{{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, which only defines three number spaces (Initial,
Handshake and Application packets).

For any given path, connection ID rotation, NAT rebinding, or client initiated migration
as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}} might occur, similar as on a single path.
These events do not change the Path ID,  and do not affect the packet number
space associated with the path.

> In case of network-based NAT rebindings, path migration cannot be avoided.
> However, as a general rule, when the multipath extension is supported,
> implementations  should otherwise strongly prefer opening a new path instead
> of path migration  as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
> This enables a smoother handover and allows a simplified migration
> handling at the server side as NAT rebindings imply immediate loss of the old
> address. However, if the server requests migration to a "preferred address",
> clients must initiate migration of path 0 to that preferred address as
> specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

Author: ```suggestion
It is generally preferable to use multipath mechanisms such as
creating a new path and later abandoning the old path,
rather than doing migration of a single path as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
This enables a smoother handover and allows a more controlled migration handling
at the server side. However, migration of a single path cannot be
avoided in case of NAT rebinding, or if the server requests migration
to a "preferred address" during the handshake.
```
